Ian Bell was a superb example of how
little that can be yes particularly when
you first come in superb deliver there's
always thing there's just straightened
up a little bit and brush the outside
edge but it's very difficult when you
first come in Peters to look roughly
today he's had no runs in the warm-up
games and although he said that doesn't
worry him everybody wants to get
something that about more than played
okay got out sweeping and he's also
straight that if you miss that sweet
you're gonna be in trouble and of course
the DRS are being involved in this
series I think he's a big help so
somebody like side Jacmel who threatens
the stumps all the time I think I'm the
other w save five hour i 5l VW's we'll
see most of them given by group
and generally most spinners who Boulder
do sure nowadays they scramble them all
the time because then you can't pick it
because the ball spinning this way but
the actual seam is actually probably
going in all different directions it
makes it very very tough you know you've
got to be what in the botany ball really
really closely to see some form of
rotation or you've got to be picking it
from the hand here right Bob let's have
a look at the way science now delivers
these three basic deliveries of his
first of all the off spinner over to you
Bob
yeah I mean the off spinner is fairly
Orthodox the delivery that I have a
problem with is the Dasara the ICC have
accommodated this delivery they've
changed the rules basically to allow
these bowlers to bend their elbow 15
degrees and that's what makes it so
difficult for the batsman let's be
honest the only bowler that's
threatening England now his side as
mouth that's the tease rather with the
round on and that's the same was talking
about he doesn't see that as a great
threat but the the disre is the bowl is
the delivery which the batsmen are all
struggling with and
as most is the odd spinner all spinning
in one that got Kevin Pietersen fall
from a very high action
that's the Dutra ball spins the other
way a lot of over spent almost out the
back of the hand using the wrists and
fingers
that's the half volley that's put away
before through the oxide hundred comes
up for England and the final delivery he
bowls is the T throw which is a much
more round arm action very slinging and
it just comes in on the angle like an
old-fashioned arm ball really so there
you